README.md, before:

# Bude Seapool Temperature

Read temperatures from an [iMonnit](https://www.imonnit.com/) temperature sensor embedded in the pool
and generate an image for digital signage by the pool.

![Live temperature](https://spt.tsak.dev/temperature.png)

## Public API

This service exposes two endpoints:

### Latest reading

`GET /api/v1/temperature`

```bash
$ curl -s https://spt.tsak.dev/api/v1/temperature
```

```json
{
  "temperature": 13.4,
  "datetime": "2024-11-07T22:30:00Z"
}
```

### List of last measurements

`GET /api/v1/temperatures`

```bash
$ curl -s https://spt.tsak.dev/api/v1/temperatures
```

```json
[
  {
    "temperature": 13.4,
    "datetime": "2024-11-07T22:30:00Z"
  },
  {
    "temperature": 13.6,
    "datetime": "2024-11-07T22:19:58Z"
  },
  {
    "temperature": 13.5,
    "datetime": "2024-11-07T22:09:58Z"
  }
]
```

## Prerequisites

- Go 1.23
- [Air](https://github.com/air-verse/air)
- iMonnit API details

## Setup

Copy `.env.sample` to `.env` and fill in `MONNIT_SENSOR_ID`, `MONNIT_API_KEY_ID` and `MONNIT_API_SECRET_KEY`


## Development

Run `air` and connect to [localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001)

```bash
# Continuously build and reload
air
```

## Building

Create `bude-seapool-temperature` binary

```bash
go build
```

Commit message:

Add Telegram bot integration
Introduced a Telegram bot that initializes with a valid token and responds to commands. Implemented request counting and logging for bot interactions and updated dependencies in go.mod and go.sum to support the new feature. Added relevant documentation in README.md.

README.md, after:

# Bude Seapool Temperature

Read temperatures from an [iMonnit](https://www.imonnit.com/) temperature sensor embedded in the pool
and generate an image for digital signage by the pool.

![Live temperature](https://spt.tsak.dev/temperature.png)

## Public API

This service exposes two endpoints:

### Latest reading

`GET /api/v1/temperature`

```bash
$ curl -s https://spt.tsak.dev/api/v1/temperature
```

```json
{
  "temperature": 13.4,
  "datetime": "2024-11-07T22:30:00Z"
}
```

### List of last measurements

`GET /api/v1/temperatures`

```bash
$ curl -s https://spt.tsak.dev/api/v1/temperatures
```

```json
[
  {
    "temperature": 13.4,
    "datetime": "2024-11-07T22:30:00Z"
  },
  {
    "temperature": 13.6,
    "datetime": "2024-11-07T22:19:58Z"
  },
  {
    "temperature": 13.5,
    "datetime": "2024-11-07T22:09:58Z"
  }
]
```

## Telegram bot

If a valid Telegram Bot API token is set in `TELEGRAM_TOKEN`, connect to the Telegram Bot API and listen to commands.

Try the bot [here](https://t.me/BudeSeapoolBot).

![Telegram Bot screenshot](telegram-bot.jpg)

## Prerequisites

- Go 1.23
- [Air](https://github.com/air-verse/air)
- iMonnit API details

## Setup

Copy `.env.sample` to `.env` and fill in `MONNIT_SENSOR_ID`, `MONNIT_API_KEY_ID` and `MONNIT_API_SECRET_KEY`


## Development

Run `air` and connect to [localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001)

```bash
# Continuously build and reload
air
```

## Building

Create `bude-seapool-temperature` binary

```bash
go build
```
